hello everybody it's chibi and today I
want to be doing a manga chapter of you
of Naruto now here is the thing with
this chapter I have to say for the most
part it was a solid chapter I mean we
have a lot of action going on and from
the looks of this chapter it seems like
hagia is about to get defeated i mean at
the end of this chapter you have all of
team 7 pitching in using their abilities
soccer actually has some relevance to
the overall story or the fight you see
her bed beat the fucking shit i'll call
you and hit certain freaking face knocks
her down which is pretty freaking cool i
have to admit the artwork of that looks
really badass now the thing is ok with
this chapter it makes me believe that
i'm going to probably be giving this
fought maybe about two to three chapters
because clearly from this that the
ceiling is getting closer and closer and
claudia is pretty much shown almost
every different aspect that she could
possibly pull out i mean she managed to
fix herself from this deformed freaking
juvie she managed to fix that come out
of it and now she's back in a regular
mode again supposedly she was trying to
make a new dimension from what i read in
my translations now I'm guessing that's
our ultimate goal to make a new
dimension or something but personally
the chapter I liked it i mean if i look
past the different things that we all
saw last chapter let's just be honest
here but you know it's hard to look past
I'm gonna be honest but personally I
enjoyed the action part of I did I'll
honestly enjoy getting to see Kakashi
kick the shit out of college I love to
love seeing him use how betos abilities
I calmly and using a shuriken and all
that and tearing off the freaking juvies
arms there's really cool getting to see
something like that in this chapter so
personally I honestly if I had to rate
this chapter I would probably give it
maybe a six point five out of 10 or
seven so we're on in there but besides
that talking about this chapter
specifically i do like though how key
she recently has tried to make soccer
more relevant and I do like it how a
Kakashi is a useless anymore I'm gonna
be honest now personally though there's
not much more I could talk about because
the chapter was really really simple
there's a lot of action a lot of
fighting and about to have a ceiling on
call yeah that's pretty much really all
that went down besides you know Kakashi
showing off some different abilities
with his copycat no Jitsu or whatever
you want to call it so everybody please
be safe if you have a wonderful day or
not wherever you live TV